Set interface ids as constants (#216)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/ERC721.md

Cairo contracts, like Ethereum contracts, have no native concept of an interface, so applications must usually simply trust they are not making an incorrect call. For trusted setups this is a non-issue, but often unknown and untrusted third-party addresses need to be interacted with. There may even not be any direct calls to them! (e.g. ERC20 tokens may be sent to a contract that lacks a way to transfer them out of it, locking them forever). In these cases, a contract declaring its interface can be very helpful in preventing errors.

> It should be noted that the [constants library](../openzeppelin/utils/constants.cairo) includes constant variables referencing all of the interface ids used in these contracts. This allows for more legible code i.e. `IERC165_ID` vs. `0x01ffc9a7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be noted that the [constants library](../openzeppelin/utils/constants.cairo) includes constant variables referencing all of the interface ids used in these contracts. This allows for more legible code i.e. using `IERC165_ID` instead of `0x01ffc9a7`.
```
